Example of using focal point (#1486)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/content_rendering/embed_and_list_content/render_images.md

    }
}) }}
```

## Use focal point

In the [image editor](../../image_editor.md) you can define a focal point for an image.
The focal point doesn't have an instant effect when you use the default templates.
However, you can use it to select the part of the image the view focuses on when the image is cropped.

> The following example shows how to use an image contained in an Image Field as a focussed background.

Reviewer: I would also mention that there are different approaches to focal point and JS libraries as well.

First, in the main template, render the Image Field with a custom template:

``` html+twig
{{ ez_render_field(content, 'image', {
    'template': 'fields/image.html.twig'
}) }}
```

Then, create the custom Field template in `template/fields/image.html.twig`,
[overriding the default `ezimage_field` template block](../render_content/render_content.md#field-templates):

``` html+twig
{% block ezimage_field %}
    {% if field.value.additionalData.focalPointX is defined and field.value.additionalData.focalPointY is defined %}
        {% set position_x = (field.value.additionalData.focalPointX / field.value.width) * 100 %}
        {% set position_y = (field.value.additionalData.focalPointY / field.value.height) * 100 %}
    {% else %}
        {% set position_x = 0 %}

>         {% set position_y = 0 %}

Reviewer: I think better would be the center of the image instead of the top left corner as default. So "50".

    }
}) }}
```

## Use focal point

In the [image editor](../../image_editor.md) you can define a focal point for an image.

> The focal point doesn't have an instant effect when you use the default templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The focal point does not have an instant effect when you use the default templates.
```

However, you can use it to select the part of the image the view focuses on when the image is cropped.

The following example shows how to use an image contained in an Image Field as a focussed background.

!!! note

    This implementation is only an example and depends on the JavaScript framework you are using.

First, in the main template, render the Image Field with a custom template:

``` html+twig
{{ ez_render_field(content, 'image', {
    'template': 'fields/image.html.twig'
}) }}
```

> Then, create the custom Field template in `template/fields/image.html.twig`,

Reviewer 2: is the path correct? Should it be template/fields... or templates/fields...?

Author: ```suggestion
Then, create the custom Field template in `templates/fields/image.html.twig`,
```
